On the day of November 30, 2022, the world awoke to a new product, ChatGPT. The new and improved LLM (Large Language Model) chatbot made by OpenAI, was unlike anything the world had seen before. Given the incredible amount of media noise generated by the release of ChatGPT, I wanted to investigate. Could ChatGPT be just another way for enterprise to replace human labour with cheap, mindless, automated creation? If you're looking for the short answer; not really, not yet anyways. In reality it is much more complex than that, and in the rest of this article you'll find out why.

# The Project

As part of my usual process in experimenting with different technologies, I decided to create a software project that would guide me through finding the strengths and weaknesses of the tool, as well as understanding potential usecases. For this specific project I decided to build a link-in-bio application written in TypeScript using NodeJS express.js and MongoDB for the backend and Vue with Tailwind for the frontend.

## Structure
Before any code could be done, my first task was to decide on the the topology and structure of my application. Things like which folders should go where, and basic naming conventions for these files. And so with that, I opened up a brand new ChatGPT thread and asked the following question:

> **Q:** I want to make a link in bio app where users can create a list of links. These links will then be viewable on a separate page. I would like to use vue as a front end and nodejs as a backend. I want to follow best practices, and the code should be easily updatable. What kind of folder structure/project structure is best for this?

ChatGPT promptly responded with the following structure:

```
├── client
│   ├── public
│   ├── src
│   │   ├── assets
│   │   ├── components
│   │   ├── router
│   │   ├── services
│   │   ├── views
│   │   ├── App.vue
│   │   └── main.js
│   └── package.json
├── server
│   ├── controllers
│   ├── routes
│   ├── models
│   ├── utils
│   ├── app.js
│   └── package.json
└── package.json

```

To my luck, ChatGPT even gave me descriptions for what it wanted inside of each folder. How thoughtful!

## The FrontEnd

## The backend

# Outcome

# Will ChatGPT replace me as a Software Developer?

# What ChatGPT does well

-   Pattern detection
-   Pointing you in the right direction
-   Changing your perspective as a developer, and how you view software problems. Thinking outside of the box

# Where ChatGPT struggles

-   Assuming contexts
-   Smaller frameworks. Of course there is less training data in the neural networks for frameworks that are newer or smaller. This means that ChatGPT also struggles to pick up on those more nuanced patterns to generate the code you might need
-   Fixing bugs it generates due to bad choice of implementation

# Conclusion